---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---
This week I mainly focused on finishing up categorizing the grouped fidget devices, starting to write some code for possible fidget devices, and discussing possible a redirect with my summer research project with Dr. Hofmann if the knitting machine didn't begin working soon. On Monday, I worked from Northeastern started going through and labeling which of the fidget devices that I grouped last week would be feasible to knit, which ones might be able, and which ones would not. We then had a ACT Lab meeting where Dr. Hofmann gave us advice for writing research papers and submitting them. We then had a HCI meeting after.

Tuesday I worked from home and began the day by finishing the labeling of the fidget devices. I then spent the rest of the day  going through the fidget devices that I labeled as knittable and began thinking about how I can go about making them. 

On Wednesday I worked from home again and began writing code for creating some possible fidget devices. I chose one that I deemed to be reletively easy and started working on that. I also had a one-on-one meeting with Dr. Hofmann about a possible redirect for my project. We decided that I should start focusing more on the study design for my project since I'm not able to knit any prototypes or fabrics right now with the goal that I would have the whole study procedure ready to go and some code for possible prototypes by the end of the summer so that I can knit them when I get back to Seattle since UW has a knitting machine that I have been given access to (if the knitting machine at MIT doesn't start working by the time I leave).

On Thursday I worked from home and mainly started to work on finding similar papers that conducted studies similar to how mine will be to look at how they approached their study design. 

On Friday I worked from MIT and mainly focused on reading more of these research papers and looking for more relating onces that could be helpful with my research. I wasn't able to knit anything again however because Dr. Hofmann was gone due to traveling.
