---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---
This week mainly consisted of finishing up more CITI training for human subject research and continuing writing code for more stimming devices. On Monday, I went in to Northeastern and finished up the CITI training in the morning and then met with Dr. Hofmann where she helped me fix the final issue with racking in KnitScript that was still there after touching it up last week with her. Then we had an ACT lab group meeting where we discussed a possible group outing for next weekend. We finished the day with an HCC meeting where we talked about the SICHI Conferences and Sub-communities.

On Tuesday, I worked from home and worked on more stimming device prototype designing and coding. 

On Wednesday, I worked from home again and realized there was another CITI training I needed to do which took quite a long time so I spent the whole day working on completing that. 

On Thursday, I was planning to to go into Northeastern to work and meet with Dr. Hofmann for our weekly meeting but I ended up walking up feeling under the weather so I stayed home and mainly took the day off. I started looking over the IRB forms to begin thinking about my study design towards the end of the day when I was starting to feel better.

On Friday, I went into MIT and began filling out the IRB forms in the morning. Then I met with Dr. Hofmann where she answered the questions I had about the IRB forms and helped me fill out the rest of the exempt form as I have never filled out something like this before. We discussed the next steps in the study design process which was writing up a protocol for the study. Then I spent the rest of day writing code for stimming device prototypes.
