---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

My second week consisted of progressing on the first part of my project that I started last Friday and beginning to familiarize myself more with KnitScript. On monday I had a one-on-one meeting with Dr. Hofmann and then after I continued searching for different types of stimming devices/toys that currently exist. We finished the day by having a ACT lab meeting and then a HCC meeting for all the HCC people at Northeastern where I got meet other Professors at Northeastern in this field and learn about their research.

On Tuesday and Wednesday I worked on the "coding" of different stimming products and finally got to the point where I could stop looking for more products because I was unable to find ones that differed from the ones I already found. 

On Thursday I had a one-on-one meeting with Dr. Hofmann where we discussed the next steps in my project now that I was done with searching for stimming products. The next step for this part was to organize the 100+ different types of stimming products that I found into different categories. I was also tasked with starting to writing code for some basic knitting design patterns using KnitScript to further familiarize myself with the scripting language which I what I worked on for the rest of the day.

On Friday I worked from MIT again. Unfortunatley, the knitting machine was having electrical issues so I was unable to create any more fabric samples. Instead, I worked further on writing more KnitScript code. I wanted to create a texture design that required the use of a transfer planning algorithm called schoolbus so I spent the day working on writing a function that represented the algorithm. This function will also help me in creating other fabric designs down the road that require transfer planning.
