---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
This week I mainly focused on working on the transfer planning algorithm implemenation that I started last Friday and also working further categorizing the "coding" of fidget devices that I did last week. On Monday I went into Northeastern and finished the transfer planning algorithm implemenation. I then began to write code that will create a trinity stitch that will use the transfer planning algorithm however I began to realize an issue with managing the stack order of loops that is necessary to create certain designs/stitches. I had a meeting with Dr. Hofmann that day and she helped me problem solve a way to create a variation of the transfer planning alforithm to
ensure stack order. I then had a ACT Lab meeting and an HCI meeting after.

On Tuesday I worked from home and started working on going through all the different fidget devices that I had previously "coded" and began to figure out commoninalities that matched the "code" words for products that could be used to group them. I also worked on further implementing the transfer planning algorithm that ensures stack order. I then went to a firework show on the Charles River later that night since it was the 4th of July!

On Wednesday I worked from home again and finished up the grouping of the fidget devices and also worked more on the function implementation. 

On Thursday I worked from Northeastern and had a one-on-one meeting with Dr. Hofmann where we discussed the next step for the information on different fidget devices that are now grouped. She also helped me with figuring out the best way to approach writing code for the trinity stitch. I finished the day by working on fixing some things with my transfer planning algorithm function implementation that Dr. Hofmann recommended me doing to make the functions more user friendly.

On Friday I worked from MIT. Unfortunately the knitting machine was still experiencing some techincal difficulties so we weren't able to knit anything again. Instead, I finished my two transfer planning algorithm functions and continued writing the rest of the code to create a trinity stitch when I encountered an issue with KnitScript that made it so I was unable to change the racking value of the machine which needed to be done to create the trinity stitch which I told Dr. Hofmann about. I then finished up the day by writing my weekly update posts.
