---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
This week was a little bit more of a relaxed week. Dr. Hofmann was gone on Monday still so I worked from home and continued working on my hadn knitted 3D models and finished my design for a sphere. We didn't have a ACT lab meeting since Dr. Hofmann was gone and the HCC meeting was canceled so I mainly just worked on the 3D model all day.

On Tuesday, I worked from home again and worked on another hand knitted 3D model prototype idea I had for a cylinder that could eventually be actuated in different ways once we are able to use the knitting machine to integrate heat reactive yarn into the prototype. 

On Wednesday, I worked from home again and finished up the cylinder from the day before and spent some of the day coding and reading some papers as well. 

On Thursdya, I worked from home since my meeting with Dr. Hofmann was virtual due to her traveling. During the meeting she gave me feed back on my second draft of the presurvey and helped me make some edits to the specific language used. We also discussed my presentation for the following week and she helped edit my presentation. I spent the rest of the day making the edits to the presurvey and sent it in to her so we could send in all the IRB forms.

On Friday, I spent some time working on this website/writing blog posts for the DREU program and then met with a research scientist who's research interest involves smart prosthetics, a field I find very interesting, and works at the Roux institute down in Portland, Maine thats an extension of Northeastern. I had an amazing conversation with her and got to practice some networking schools. I spent the rest of the day working on editing and preparing for my presentation the following Monday.
