---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

On Monday, I worked mainly on finishing the maze idea. I worked throw the issues I was having with the initial prototypes and by the end of the day got the maze to knit exactly how I wanted which I was happy about! I also learned some knitting machine techniques to handle floats from dealing with these issues which I can carry on to future designs.

On Tuesday, I started working on writing up the code for a new pattern I found that would be a better approach to the knittied bubble pop stim toy. Once I got the code written up, I tried knitting it on the machine but I ended up running into some technical difficulties with the machine and couldn't keep knitting samples for the day.

On Wednesday, me and two other PhD students in our lab went to an all day HCI master class discussing Genetrative Theories of Interaction at MIT presented by Dr. Michel Beaudouin-Lafon and Dr. Wendy Mackay. It was a really great experience and I gained a lot of knowledge about stuff I had never really explored before.

On Thursday, I began the day exploring the integration of some of the stimming prototypes I've created into clothing such as gloves or socks by first seeing how I can create these objects using KnitScript. Then I had my weekly advising meeting with Dr. Hofmann and also met with her PhD student whos project I'm helping with where we discussed the logistics of the project and how I can assit with it. After I spent some time mapping out some design plans for the swatch project and then started working on code for some more knitting patterns that use cable stitches. 

On Friday, we had an ACT lab excursion that we do each quarter as a full group where we went to down to Providence, Rhode Island. While there, we went to a place called Level 99, explored the city, and had dinner as a group which was a lot of fun since I have never been down there before! 
