---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

The second week of the DREU program went well. On Monday, I went in to Northeastern to work on creating more samples on the knitting machine. I worked on some code for creating a 3D cylinder using the knitting machine in the morning and also worked on debugging a code I was having issues with the week prior. Then for the second half of the day, I mainly worked on knitting samples of the machine. I ended up running into an issue while using the machine so the day ended up being cut a bit shorter than expected.

On Tuesday, I began the day by having my weekly meeting with Dr. Hofmann where she helped me with the issue I had with the machine the day prior and showed me some new features on the knitting machine that I could use when I encounter certain problems while knitting. She also showed me how to use multiple types of yarn and carriers on one sample which was really cool to learn. After my meeting, I spent the rest of the writing code for a smaller scaled down version of the 3D cylinder that would be more applicable to my project after I successfully got the larger one to knit. I ended up running into some bugs at the end of the day which Dr. Hofmann and I would work through the next day.

On Wednesday, I had a networking meeting with a professor from Puerto Rico where I got to hear about her research which i really enjoyed being able to do. Then we worked through those bugs I was having the day before and managed to get a somewhat successful smaller scale version of the 3D cylinder to knit on the machine. It still wasn't quite where I wanted it anfd wouldnt consistently create the object perfectly so I continued trying to different techniques to see if I could improve it. I also worked on a new sample that may mimick the stimming sensation of fidgeting with hair buy using four different yarns/carriers at the same time that I succesfully got to knit. 

On Thursday, I mainly worked on trying to perfect the 3D cylinder design and I defintiley got a lot closer but it still was not quite where I wanted it to be. Towards the end of the day, we had a lab meeting with just the students inour lab since Dr. Hofmann was out of town. 

On Friday, I worked on writing on this weeks post and finally got the 3D cylinder sample to knit the way I wanted which felt really good. I also spent some of the day reaidng through some papers relating to my research. After the work day, I traveled to Long Island in NY to meet my dad who came to visit me. We spent the weekend there and explored the area which was a lot of fun!
