---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

This week was fun. My dad came to Boston to visit me until Wednesday so each evening I went out to fun dinner spots with him and explored the city which was a lot of fun. On Monday, I went to pick up my new computer and spent a good amount of the day setting up that. I also worked on creating a new stim toy idea which would resemble one of the bubble pop toys. 

On Tuesday, I went in and spent most of the day knitting and trying different techniques to get the bubble pop design to knit properly. I also came up with a new idea to create a maze stim toy that could be integrated into clothing such as a sweathsirt pocket or a glove.

On Wednseday, I had my weekly advising meeting with Dr. Hofmann where I presented my maze idea that she really liked the sound of. We also started discussing the direction of the project for the next couple weeks since I have been making really great progress using the machine and creating samples that we will use later for the study. We also discussed me joining one of her PhD students projects where he is creating an algorithm to combine multiple swatches of different stitch types by helping create more swatch samples to be used in the demos for the project. Later that night, my dad and I went to a dinner in the Seaport area and then went to a indoor minigolf place in boston called PuttShack which I really enjoyed!

On Thursday, we had the day off for the 4th of July and I spent the day hanging out in the city with one of my childhoof friends who was in Boston for the day for a work thing. That evening, we went to watch the fireworks show on the Charles River which was really cool!

On Friday, I spent the day planning out the design for my knitted maze idea and then towards the end of the day, began knitting some intitial prototypes which didn't come out exactly as I was expecting. So then I finished the day by trying to editting the code to fix the issues with the intitial prototypes I was having and I also finished writing up this blog post.
