---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
This week was mainly focused on working on my portion the swatch project that I'm helping with. On Monday, I spent the day brainstorming more ideas for swatch designs to be used as examples to demonstrate the alogirthms capabilities. I also spent some time learning how to create ribbing patterns on the machine.

On Tuesday, I met with Dr. Hofmann for our weekly advising meeting and we discussed the ideas I cam up with and also went more in depth on my role in helping with the swatch project. I also learned about the differences of benchmarks and demo examples for papers which I will be reponsible for designing/creating. I spent the rest of the day doing more brainstorming and writing up some descriptions for the benchmarks that will be used in the paper. At the end of the day, I went to a talk by Dr. Cheng Zhang on campus discussing his research on comprehending human behaviors with everyday wearables which was really interesting!

On Wednesday and Thursday, I spent pretty much the whole time working on converting my program that creates a knitted maze into a generalized version that can create a custom one of any size which will be used as a part of one of the demos for the swatch project. We also had a group lab meeting towards the end of the day on Thursday where we discussed NSF grant writing which was cool to learn about.

On Friday, I finished debugging and testing my generalized knitted maze program. Then I spent the rest of the day working on writing the descriptions for all the benchmarks and demos and writing code to create the samples that will be used in them.

During the weekend, I went down to the new Topgolf in Boston and an arcade with my friend who was visiting for the weekend which was a lot of fun!
